South Bay Panel
sb1	1	Turnout  1 White/Blue	Motor Control Output
sb1	2	Turnout  1 White/Orange	Manual Override Feedback
sb1	3	Turnout  2 Blue/White	Motor Control Output
sb1	4	Turnout  2 Orange/White	Manual Override Feedback

sb1	5	Turnout  3 White/Blue	Motor Control Output
sb1	6	Turnout  3 White/Orange	Manual Override Feedback
sb1	7	Turnout  4 Blue/White	Motor Control Output
sb1	8	Turnout  4 Orange/White	Manual Override Feedback

sb1	9	Turnout  5 White/Blue	Motor Control Output
sb1	10	Turnout  5 White/Orange	Manual Override Feedback
sb1	11	Turnout  6 Blue/White	Motor Control Output
sb1	12	Turnout  6 Orange/White	Manual Override Feedback

sb1	13	Turnout  7 White/Blue	Motor Control Output
sb1	14	Turnout  7 White/Orange	Manual Override Feedback
sb1	15	Turnout  8 Blue/White	Motor Control Output
sb1	16	Turnout  8 Orange/White	Manual Override Feedback

sb1	17	Turnout  9 White/Blue	Motor Control Output
sb1	18	Turnout  9 White/Orange	Manual Override Feedback
sb1	19	Turnout NC Blue/White	Motor Control Output
sb1	20	Turnout NC Orange/White	Manual Override Feedback

sb1	21	Turnout NC 		Motor Control Output
sb1	22	Turnout NC 		Manual Override Feedback
sb1	23	Turnout NC 		Motor Control Output
sb1	24	Turnout NC 		Manual Override Feedback

sb1	25	Turnout NC 		Motor Control Output
sb1	26	Turnout NC 		Manual Override Feedback

sb1	27	Turnout  1 White/Blue	Position Control Feedback
sb1	28	Turnout  2 Blue/White	Position Control Feedback
sb1	29	Turnout  3 White/Orange	Position Control Feedback
sb1	30	Turnout  4 Orange/White	Position Control Feedback

sb1	31	Turnout  5 White/Blue	Position Control Feedback
sb1	32	Turnout  6 Blue/White	Position Control Feedback
sb1	33	Turnout  7 White/Orange	Position Control Feedback
sb1	34	Turnout  8 Orange/White	Position Control Feedback

sb1	35	Turnout  9 		Position Control Feedback
sb1	36	Turnout NC 		Position Control Feedback
sb1	37	Turnout NC 		Position Control Feedback
sb1	38	Turnout NC 		Position Control Feedback
sb1	39	Turnout NC 		Position Control Feedback
sb1	40	_____
sb1	41	_____
sb1	42	_____
sb1	43	_____
sb1	44	_____
sb1	45	_____
sb1	46	_____
sb1	47	_____
sb1	48	_____
sb1	49	_____
sb1	50	_____


